# Reddit_Scrapper
Scrapping and analysing comments from subreddits on Reddit, during periods of time when a highly contentious political event was occurring. 

Today more than ever, the World Wide Web has been a vital record of real-world events and how the impact of these events has had a natural rippling effect on the digital world. In the past decade, the way we converse and connect with one another has brought new issues that have challenged the very fabric of society. These challenges have questioned not only how we deal with the change caused by these events, but also how we handle the dynamics of a politically-driven world. In particular, as social media has become a fundamental part of our everyday lives, it has developed into a platform that has become the tipping point of political differences and conflicts. Due to the vast wealth of data found on these platforms, such conflicting views can be distinguished implicitly or explicitly through the analysis of online profiles, and this analysis is what we believe has induced a recurring cycle of the real- and digital-world impacting one another.

One platform we are particularly interested in is the immensely popular collection of forums called ‘Reddit’, often dubbed the “front page of the internet” [CITE?]. What distinguishes Reddit from other social media platforms is how the communities are explicitly defined and parsed into sub-forums, called subreddits. Having over 130,000 active communities [CITE?], the amount of diversity found on just this one site is astonishing. With mining and analysing posts within these communities at points in time when a highly contentious political event was occurring, we can gain a lot of insight into the types of users at the time. Such insights could be the demographic of users and the demographic that dominated particular communities, what frequently used terms were associated with key people, and the overall sentiment behind the posts.

From this analysis, not only do we want to produce visualisations that show what the data infers, but we also want to take a spin on the analysis and spark a conversation about what it would be like if we produced bots based on the analysis. If we attempted to create our own subreddit where bots could make submissions and converse with one another, this offers a whole other layer of insight. How would they communicate if each one was based on a different community or time period? Which posts or comments would be upvoted or downvoted the most by these bots? And if we were to mine posts from regional subreddits, would the different periods of time have an effect on the types of terms used by the bots? We believe taking this angle on the analysis can help motivate other people to take the same approach in the study of other matters that intercept the real and digital world.
